In the last lecture we added this Modal which we can't get rid of right now.
So let's change this so that we can actually delete that in the code page which is the page we serve
as a model.
I can first of all get rid of all that stuff which I don't need so that we have the empty component
here.
I want to implement some logic which allows me to dismiss the modal and go back template for that.
And here we have to close button.
I'll add a click listener to that.
And here I simply want to call the on close Mefford which of course I also need to add in my typescript
class on clothes and you somehow need to be able to well get rid of ourselves speaking from this page
perspective.
So we're on this page and now we want to tell ourselves well I need to disappear.
How can we do this.
Thus far we always used the NAF controller to push and pop pages but here that's not managed foody nav
controller.
It's not part of our navigation Stec it simply is overly Ionescu has another helpful controller for
this and we need to inject it in order to be able to use it.
It's called View Controller so I'll store it in a property named View Controller.
And of course the type here is the controller.
It needs to be imported from ionic angular just like this.
This is the import and the view controller controls the currently active view.
So where are the neph controller controls are a stack of pages the view controller controls currently
visible currently active page.
So in this case this page here to quote page and this is always the case.
If you inject the control into a page and you were accessing it it's accessing or it allows you to access
your currently active page D'Qwell page here in this case.
Therefore in on close we can access to view controller.
And here we get a couple of useful methods and one very useful method is the dismiss method.
Now as you might be able to guess dismissed.
One important thing.
It simply deletes the page.
It gets rid of it.
So you should of course make sure that when you use dismiss you actually have something to display instead.
So if you were on the normal stack of pages and for some reason you don't want to use pop but you want
to dismiss yourself you could also call this mis on yourself with the view controller.
But if you then don't have a page below yourself.
So if you're calling this on the root page it's probably not behavior you want.
Here on the mall let's of course fine because the modem is an overlay anyways so if we dismiss it well
we simply get rid of the overlay.
That's great.
We then viewed the topmost page of the navigation stack and again that is exactly what we want.
So if this were able to dismiss ourselves we're able to get rid of D-Mo..
And if I saved this remember I hooked up the button here also with on close if he dismissed this and
go back to the application.
Let's again favorite quote your click on it you viewed the modem and clicked close.
Now back we're in the page.
So this allows us to view the model and dismiss it and notice that I like to automatically give sesterces
dismiss slighting animation out of the box.
So if that were able to dismiss the model the next step is to pass some data to the model before we
then also start working hooking up this unfavorite button here.
Let's work on passing that data next